FOR THE GOD OF MONOTHIESM:
1. The God of monotheism is omnipotent.
2. Could the God be not omnipotent?
3. If the God could not be powerless, that means the God could not do the thing 'becoming not omnipotent', that means the God could not do something (the thing is 'becoming not omnipotent'), that, although the God could not do only one thing, only because the God could not do any of things, the God is not omnipotent.
4. If the God could be not omnipotent, the God then becomes not omnipotent, and that means, the God is not omnipotent, but, the God also could become omnipotent again - so, the God holds the power of 'becoming omnipotent' during the God is not omnipotent - during the God is not omnipotent, the God could still hold any but not all of powers, if 'becoming omnipotent' could be treated as a power, if the God could hold this power.
5. If the God holds the power of 'becoming omnipotent' during the God is not omnipotent, the God could perform this power, to revert the God's omnipotence, now, the God is omnipotent again.
6. When the God is becoming not omnipotent, the God may select some of powers to reserved during the God is not omnipotent. If the God did not select the power of 'becoming omnipotent', the God will become no chance to revert omnipotence, so the God will keep not omnipotent, until the God obtains the power of 'becoming omnipotent' from anywhere.

FOR DEITIES OF PAGANISM:
1. A pagan deity is not omnipotent.
2. If a pagan deity is not omnipotent, the deity may has no power, or has limited power.
3. If no one ruled that what or which power the deity may has, the deity may has any kind of power by default.
4. If 'becoming omnipotent' is one of possibilities/kinds of power, because of 3, the deity could has the power of 'becoming an omnipotent deity'. This condition does not conflict with 'the deity is not omnipotent', because, if 'becoming omnipotent' is a power that any of deities could has, the deity could has this power, optionally some of other power, but not all of power. That means, the deity could hold the power of 'becoming omnipotent', and could do the thing 'becoming omnipotent'
5. If the deity do the thing 'becoming omnipotent', the deity will become omnipotent, as what is described for the monotheistic God.
6. If deities of paganism are ruled that any of deities could not hold the power of 'becoming omnipotent', all of steps from 2 to 5 could not become true.

MY REVIEWS:
1. Both above opinions could not negate each other.
2. 'Omnipotent' is the most completely, because an omnipotent someone (God/deity) could become omnipresent or omniscient via the one's omnipotences, but an omnipresent or omniscient someone is not must be omnipotent. An omnipresent or omniscient deity may not become omnipotent. I thought only the God of monotheism (including deism and panentheism) could obtain or produce omnipotence or the power of 'becoming omnipotent'. So, if the temporarily not omnipotent God, or any of deities, wants to obtain the power of 'becoming omnipotent', the God or the deity, could obtain the power from the same source - the God.
3. Processes of both 'the temporarily not omnipotent God of monotheism, reverts omnipotence' and 'a pagan deity do the thing "becoming omnipotent"' are 'a deity that is not omnipotent at sometime, becomes omnipotent'.
4. Maybe any of above opinions are incorrect or meaningless. I think the God did not obtain omnipotence from any of elsewhere, the God is initially, eternally and essentially omnipotent.
